# Customer Loyalty Mobile Application in IOS

This is a cutomer loyalty mobile application. Customers can earn and redeem points from various merchants by scanning a QR code. Customers can also view gifts available for every merchant. To join  a merchant's loyalty program a customer simply scan a QR code generated by the merchant. A new card will be created for the customer. To view the card the customer simply needs to click the card icon on the mobile application tabbar. Each time the customer scans a QR code a point is added to the card until a maximum of 10 points are reached. 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisities

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

* Install Xcode 7.3.1 into your Mac.
* NOTE: You will need an apple ID registered as free or paid developer with apple, an iPhone 6, a MAC to run this project you can register here: https://developer.apple.com/register/ 



### Installing

1) Open the Xcode Project file project in the CD or do a git clone of my repository.
2) Go to Xcode > Preferences > Accounts and add your apple free or paid developer account



```
git clone https://github.com/eman1000/CustomerLoyaltyApp.git
```

3)  Connect your iPhone to the your computer using your usb cable.
4) Make sure the phone is unlocked
5) Choose your device from the emulator menu.
6) Run the program and it will be installed in your phone.
7) Launch the mobile application from your phone.



## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* Xcode 7.3.1 
* Swift 2

## Authors

* **Emmancipate Takunda Musemwa** - *Initial work* - [eman1000](https://github.com/eman1000)


## Acknowledgments

* Mdm Sangeetha Elango - Project Supervisor 
* Leeds Beckett University
* FTMS Global College

